1.26 CLI Release (#3671)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-token-organization-token.md

| `--workspace-id` | The Workspace assigned to the Deployment. | Any Workspace ID                                                      |

### Output

| Output           | Description                                                                               | Data Type                                                                                 |
| ---------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `ID`             | The API Token ID.                                                                         | String                                                                                    |
| `NAME`           | The name of the API Token.                                                                | String                                                                                    |
| `DESCRIPTION`    | The API Token description.                                                                | String                                                                                    |

> | `SCOPE`          | The scope level the API Token provides permissions for. Can be `ORGANIZATION` or `WORKSPACE`. | String                                                                                    |

Author: I think you're right, i would expect it to always be organization.

| `CREATED`        | How long ago the API Token was created, in days.                                          | String                                                                                    |
| `CREATED BY`     | The name of the user who created the API Token.                                           | String                                                                                    |

## `astro deployment organization-token remove`

### Usage

```sh
astro deployment organization-token remove --deployment-id=<my-deployment-id> --org-token-name=<org-token-name>
```

### Options

| Option             | Description                                                               | Valid Values                                                                              |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--deployment-id` | The Deployment ID you want to scope an Organization API Token to. | Any Deployment ID                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--deployment-id` | The Deployment ID you want to remove an API token from. | Any Deployment ID.                                                      |
```

> | `--org-token-name` | The name of the Organization API token you want to add to your Deployment. | Any string                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--org-token-name` | The name of the Organization API token you want to remove from the Deployment. | Any string.                                                        |
```

> | `--workspace-id` | The Workspace assigned to the Deployment. | Any Workspace ID                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--workspace-id` | The Workspace to which the Deployment belongs. | Any Workspace ID                                                      |
```

### Example

```sh

> astro deployment organization-token remove --deployment-id=<my-deployment-id> --org-token-name=my-org-token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
astro deployment organization-token remove --deployment-id=clvduhrvd000008l842ohcpvb --org-token-name="My org token"
```
The examples section is only useful if we show what the actual values would look like. Otherwise it's a repeat of the usage section.

```

> ## `astro deployment organization-token update`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## astro deployment organization-token update

Update the role an Organization API token has within a Deployment.
```

### Usage

```sh
astro deployment organization-token update --deployment-id=<my-deployment-id> --role=DEPLOYMENT_ADMIN --org-token-name=<org-token-name>
```

### Options

| Option             | Description                                                               | Valid Values                                                                              |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--deployment-id` | The Deployment ID you want to scope an Organization API Token to. | Any Deployment ID                                                      |

Reviewer: This needs rewriting, looks like the options for the create command. You shouldn't be able to update the org token name from the Deployment level.

Author: Hey @aliotta - thoughts about this? Here's what the help text in the CLI says:

```
Update an Organization API token's Deployment Role
$astro deployment token organization-token update [ORG_TOKEN_ID] --name [token name] --role [DEPLOYMENT_ADMIN or a custom role name].

Current Context: Astro

Usage:
  astro deployment token organization-token update [ORG_TOKEN_ID] [flags]

Flags:
  -h, --help                    help for update
  -n, --org-token-name string   The name of the Organization API token you want to update in a Deployment. If the name contains a space, specify the entire name within quotes "" 
  -r, --role string             The Deployment role to update the Organization API token. Possible values are DEPLOYMENT_ADMIN or a custom role name.

Global Flags:
      --deployment-id string   deployment where you would like to manage tokens
      --verbosity string       Log level (debug, info, warn, error, fatal, panic (default "warning")
      --workspace-id string    workspace assigned to deployment
 ```

---
sidebar_label: "astro deployment token organization-token"
title: "astro deployment token organization-token"
id: astro-deployment-token-organization-token
description: Scope an Organization token to a specific Deployment.
sidebar_custom_props: { icon: "img/term-icon.png" }
---

:::cliastroonly
:::

Manage Organization-level API tokens within a specific Deployment. See [Assign an Organization or Workspace API token to a Deployment](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deployment-api-tokens#assign-an-organization-or-workspace-api-token-to-a-deployment).

## astro deployment organization-token add

Add an Organization API token to a Deployment and grant it Deployment-specific permissions.

### Usage

```sh

> astro deployment organization-token add --deployment-id=<my-deployment-id> --role=DEPLOYMENT_ADMIN --org-token-name=<org-token-name> --workspace-id=<workspace-id>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
astro deployment organization-token add --deployment-id=<my-deployment-id> --role=DEPLOYMENT_ADMIN --workspace-id=<workspace-id>
```

```

### Options

| Option                   | Description                                        | Valid Values                                                                          |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--deployment-id`        | The Deployment ID where you want to manage tokens. | Any Deployment ID.                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--deployment-id`        | The ID of the Deployment where you want to manage tokens. | Any Deployment ID.                                                                    |
```

| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------ |
| `--deployment-id` | The ID of the Deployment to list API tokens for. | Any Deployment ID. |
| `--workspace-id`  | The Workspace to which the Deployment belongs.   | Any Workspace ID.  |

### Output

| Output            | Description                                      | Data Type |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | --------- |
| `ID`              | The API token ID.                                | String    |
| `NAME`            | The name of the API token.                       | String    |
| `DESCRIPTION`     | The API token description.                       | String    |
| `SCOPE`           | The original scope of the API token.             | String    |
| `DEPLOYMENT_ROLE` | The API token's role in the Deployment.          | String    |
| `CREATED`         | How long ago the API token was created, in days. | String    |
| `CREATED BY`      | The name of the user who created the API token.  | String    |

## astro deployment organization-token remove

Remove an Organization API token from a Deployment.

### Usage

```sh

> astro deployment organization-token remove --deployment-id=<my-deployment-id> --org-token-name=<org-token-name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
astro deployment organization-token remove --deployment-id=<my-deployment-id> 
```

```

### Options

| Option             | Description                                                                    | Valid Values       |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------ |
| `--deployment-id`  | The Deployment ID you want to remove an API token from.                        | Any Deployment ID. |
| `--org-token-name` | The name of the Organization API token you want to remove from the Deployment. | Any string.        |
| `--workspace-id`   | The Workspace to which the Deployment belongs.                                 | Any Workspace ID.  |

### Example

```sh
astro deployment organization-token remove --deployment-id=clvduhrvd000008l842ohcpvb --org-token-name="My org token"
```

## astro deployment organization-token update

Update the role an Organization API token has within a Deployment.

### Usage

```sh

> astro deployment organization-token update --org-token-name=<org-token-name> --deployment-id=<my-deployment-id> --role=DEPLOYMENT_ADMIN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
astro deployment organization-token update --deployment-id=<my-deployment-id> --role=DEPLOYMENT_ADMIN
```
